*your name* we are in trouble greater than this kingdom has ever seen, the princess has been captured!
You: w-what?...
Oh our hero,*your name* can you help us save the princess?
You: w-who?..Hero?
Hurry Up! We don't have time!
You: But I'm not a hero, how did I get here?
We don't have time for explainations please listen to me carefully young warrior,
You shall find many adversary in the path you take
do you have the will and courage to defeat the ruthless dragon and rescue the princess?
You: I don't th-think that I will be able-
GREAT! Your journey will be far from easy as you will have to travel through areas with monsters who shall riddle you and ridicule you all the same and test your unwavering will.
You will have to fight 4 mystical monsters who are slaves to the dragon, you will defeat these monsters by answering their questions correctly.
You have *No of lives depending on the difficulty chosen* lives each time you fight a monster.
Once you defeat all the monsters in your path you shall fight the dragon, depending on how smartly you handle the situation you will be awarded with credit.
You gain more credit when you perform better and answer questions correctly.
It is important to not only save the princess but to preserve the lives you have, else you will be the dragon’s next meal.
You will recieve upto 100 credits every time you beat a monster depending on your performance.

*your name*, I wish you the best on your journey, I will guide you to the monsters and help you defeat them.
Tip: Earn more credits to achieve a high score, highest score is 500.

How to play Hangman?
Guess letters to fill in the blanks before your little man gets hung out to dry.

Requires: Common sense

Hangman Game play:
The evil monster thinks of a word,
You try to guess what it is one letter at a time.
The monster gives you a number of dashes equivalent to the number of letters in the word.
If you suggests a letter that occurs in the word, the game fills in the blanks with that letter in the right places.
If the word does not contain the suggested letter, the other player draws one element of a hangman’s gallows.
As the game progresses, a segment of the gallows and of a victim is added for every suggested letter not in the word.
The number of incorrect guesses before the game is six,
but completing a character in a noose provides a minimum of six wrong answers until the game ends.
If the correct answer has been guessed it moves forward to the next game.

Roman Number Game:
There are randomised roman numeral letters that will be displayed on the screen
Your objective is to guess the correct number and if you get all the answers right
you shall move on to the next level with the maximum number of points.
